Movie-Reviews
=============
Movies-Reviews is a simple, dynamically generated web site to list and preview movie reviews created by Robert Clark.
HTML content is generated by python. Movie data is stored in XML, then extracted and stored in python classes, from which the HTML content is generated.

Demo
----
http://robertclark.io/udacity/movie-reviews/

Detail
------
The project is divided into three main section: HTML code, Python code and XML data.
Within the HTML division are HTML templates from which the page itself, the styling and the dynamic content are generated.
At runtime, these templates are read into the Python code, were key values are replaced and then the content is presented to the browser.

Within the Python division are the relevant python files. The first file is main. It contains the executable code to perform tasks.
Also included is the class definition for each movie object and the functionality to generate the browser-ready movie content.

Within the XML division is the movies data. The xml structure is simple, but each element is required. Additional objects can be added as needed.

Running the Program
-------------------
Successfully running this program is dependent upon your local and web server settings. This project was build locally on a WAMP setup. It is also hosted on a web server running Apache. The two issues to look out for when implementing are correct file paths based on your system, and importing modules. Included in the code are comments indicating which lines of code are relevant to local use, and which are relevant to web user. These are denoted by: `#FOR LOCAL USE`, and `#FOR WEB`. These lines of code are found at the import level in main.py, and at the output function of content.py For practical use on the server, an index.php file was create in which the python script files are called. This allows the program to run automatically at the url request.
####For Local
* Maintain current folder structure
* In main.py and content.py, comment out lines of code denoted with `#FOR WEB`
* From command line, navigate to Movie-Reviews/Python and run main.py file by typing `python main.py`

####For Web
* Maintain current folder structure on a server with python installed and CGI  and PHP enabled
* In main.py and content.py, comment out lines of code denoted with `#FOR LOCAL USE`
* In main.py modified the first line `#!/usr/bin/python` as required to point to python install
* Make sure to include index.php in root folder Movie-Reviews
* Call URL for Movie-Reviews folder, index.php will kick off running python application.

Additional
----------
Also included is the .htaccess file. While this may also very by server configuration, this file and settings are required for the current Apache web server configuration.
Also note that depending on your configuration, the python files will likely need executable permissions.

References
-----------
The origin of this code comes from the Udacity Full-Stack Nanodegree program, however it has been extensively customized and changed.

Contact
-------
For more information visit [robertclark.io](http://robertclark.io)
